viewers to your attention tablet review
lenovo 3320 and before we did
unpacking of this tablet under the auspices
what is there in picking now
let's talk directly about the very
tablet well
meet on the screen so we will go
on screen the screen here is pretty
good and here is the biggest resolution
but I am grit by them when I am not
I see that is when reading some texts
can show honor you can see
what's the base instead of the wall changer
if of course you can look closely
detect some pixels but
again from working distance
about 25-30 centimeters and read
or
surfing the internet how would it be pretty
Still comfortable viewing angles show you
pretty optimal is here
maybe the brightness detail is lost here
we see conversion to version more precisely in
In general, as if in the sun display
enough
bright and it is a pleasure to use it
colors convey very well hereafter
the second thing we can judge is the ultimate
operating system
Well, it is very struck by the fact that help from us
out of the box bulls versions android 4 2 2
but then the update peedel and now
here is already android 4 4 2 that is
practically the last one and it is
OK
Further, of course, we are all interested
performance so I already passed
test
tattoo and here brother scored
18,400 almost parrots that are very
good good but we can see
detailed information here
used as an accelerator mali-400
and a resolution of 1024 by mediatek 600
83 82 dual core processor that's what
there is a way there is a camera resolution of 2
megapixels
Well, in principle, there is 1 gigabyte
RAM 16 is built
32 gigabytes that is basically what
please further still characteristic
the nature of the differences from and how long there
the tablet has a sound that we have very
good and volumetric he is due
the fact that we have two speakers in the left
corner gif pro can here here
programin interestingly dollars ben
called here which is possible with
at home to watch our videos
sound now you will hear what it means
finished
can you pass
our camera is the one that comes from these
speakers but take my word
the snow is impressive and very good yet
what might be interested lovers
tablets given let's say this is what
here
the battery is pretty good right now
we'll see how much we worked
worked for three days 2:38 that's how they say
the rule here is the background of the school used
standby time
but in general it is not the first to understand it.
charging so we used this
course and about three or four days here and
could make sure that three houses
don't we have people used a tablet by
one and we test tested and screen
here at full brightness boring my file
and lived about 6 hours plus or minus somewhere
hour depending on what the load will be
processors i.e. it is pretty
Good result and I think
acceptable benefits are also here
we have 3g will be able to swamp our memory
here we see on this device
8 gigs 1 free we had about
five or six here was just another
subsequently downloaded the application of some
farther
here we have some games down below
we will run examples of such a surprise and
look see how good it would be
draws traffic running and
how all is well toy goes to
the first time we omit it therefore pretty
did run quickly well let's both
on how we see absolutely nothing
lags
absolutely no subsidence
that is, everything goes as it should and what conclusions
can be done on this tablet with
considering the cost is about 1700 hryvnia
plus minus 100 150 hryvnia that is, you
you can rummage through some shops
maybe find a tablet for more
democratic value then i think
what does it get deserves good
worthy of attention then there is here
good sound good battery
good performance for difficult
applications and games and plus there is a constant
3g connection it suffices to a
let's say for the first from your tablet
either for undemanding users
therefore, I recommend this tablet and
let's say substitute here
out of 20 points we leave points so 17
ask your questions exactly
in the comments in the comments put
thumbs up and see you soon